hi everyone I'm Zoe and I am doing a
different video today usually I do the
normal couple videos but I decided to do
a different one and I thought I could
stop more like this this is going to be
15 facts about me I guess you can get to
know me better friend
yeah I hope this is not too boring I am
trying to make it a funny spot
I hope to do more videos like this is
going to be my first so I hope it's not
too bad but here goes number one I am
Indian I am five five that's right and I
am 16 years old I cry laughs yes when
something is extremely funny I will not
talk loud also look like a seal because
you know nothing comes out okay it's
quite funny
they'll be unbailing my laughing is
extremely weird an extremely funny but I
like urged rolling down my face number
three my favorite kind of movies
must-have movies absolutely love them
love them and I cry all the time then it
give me feel and I just how can you not
love it that should be and fourth is my
dividual Ahrens
as you can see I love them and I love
chokers although not wearing
now five is I love my makeup I mean I
don't really wear anything else like
nothing on my face as you can see except
for my eyes because I love it and I like
it when it's dark as well but I'm not so
good I'm getting better I think and also
along with eye makeup I will let me
polish it's my nails feel naked
just my life right now is YouTube TV
choice that's it internet it's my life
not one of those five seasons me in a
few weeks I love music I think that is
something I wanted this feels right in
the future of becoming a vision I see
two instruments even if the keyboard it
I love the drums for a while
and I'm learning me he's related so
that's funny
and if you want to hear me then check
out that video is hopefully you like
them and if you do please subscribe it
really asked them I also do art here I
am a huge procrastinator huge
procrastinator I will do nothing I would
just be lying on the floor or listening
to music watching shows of eating my hog
all the time by the way finish my
project the night before I was supposed
to give it in and cram cram cram until
like 5:00 in the morning and then
complete but it's actually my fault I
saw a dog and same was said she was
seven and a half years old and almost
eight and
dognapped a few months ago which was
extremely sad apparently my servant who
was supposed to take him for a walk
while I was in school was on the phone
and she let him loose and it's two guys
on a bike picked him up and he was
extremely sad he was a pub I knew many
embarrassing
many people think I'm so weird I also
tend to say lord out loud and my friend
in purple is my favorite color and I did
have time at the ends of my hair purple
a while ago but it faded and outside
like brownish and I'm going to do again
I absolutely absolutely
I don't know English
Hey I think they are so cool I don't
know why I love the vampire is my
favorite show
Damon Elena beautiful my favorite ship
in the entire world if you don't know
what a ship is and when he is a mother
Aminah broke up I adapted it so I love
am biased I wish I be a supernatural
thing I was like I love ya I have a
system her name is Donna and she 12
Angie anemia last but not least and what
this is I have lost track
I am a certified diver and it is amusing
it's so much fun it's really beautiful
underwater as if you havenõt you should
go it's amazing and these are 15 facts
about me and makes me enjoy this video
of a pool aluminum nitrate is faster to
a sex bullet
I'm going to do more things like this
and keep watching if you like it thank
you so much and subscribe watch my
latest video to come thank you
yes well yes okay it's just that I
absolutely absolutely
I don't know English has a weird thing
today but you don't mind I'm getting
better
I think I'm quite weird